Adding a getting started guide to the repo (#581)
doldecomp/melee: CONTRIBUTING.md

# <a name="introduction"></a>Introduction

This document aims to clarify the coding standard required for a Pull Request to be accepted.

While not all code submitted at this time conforms to this standard, it is the intention of the project to correct it in time.

# <a name="coding-style-and-formatting"></a>Coding Style and Formatting

- [Auto formatting](#auto-formatting)
- [Naming](#naming)
- [Structs](#structs)
- [Functions](#functions)
- [Conditionals](#conditionals)
- [Pull Requests](#prs)

## <a name="auto-formatting"></a>Auto Formatting

> C code that's contributed to this codebase should have `clang-format` ran on it.

Reviewer: Some mention of [`git clang-format`](https://ortogonal.github.io/cpp/git-clang-format/) would be useful here, too. And maybe a link to a guide on how to set it up in VS Code, since that's what most people use.

Author: I honestly have no idea how to use VSCode, I'm probably not the best for that type of documentation.

Didn't know about `git clang-format`. learned and added.

> C code that's contributed to this codebase should have `clang-format` ran on it. You can do this easily by adding the C files you changed, and then running `git clang-format`, which will run `clang-format` on staged files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C code that's contributed to this codebase should have `clang-format` ran on it. You can do this easily by adding the C files you changed, and then running [`git clang-format`](https://ortogonal.github.io/cpp/git-clang-format/), which will run `clang-format` on staged files.
```

    - `1.f`
    - `1.L`
  - No: `1` for `f32` or `f64`

## <a name="prs"></a>Pull Requests

> If you just matched one function and don't think that you'll be matching anymore, you don't need to create a PR! You can just create an issue against the repo with your decomp.me link. See https://github.com/doldecomp/melee/issues/530 for more information.
> 
> In order to make modifications to this repo, you'll have to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) to your personal GitHub. There, you're free to make edits however you want. When actually creating a PR, however, try to match whole files at a time as PR reviewers are a scarce resource.

Reviewer: No need to link the issue because it's just saying the same thing.
```suggestion
If you just want to get started and match a function, you don't need to create a PR! You can just [create an issue](https://github.com/doldecomp/melee/issues/new) with your decomp.me link and a maintainer will add your code to the repo.

If you're familiar with git and want to make changes locally, you can also [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) to your personal GitHub. When submitting code, try to group your changes into fewer but larger PRs, as it'a easier to review that way.
```

> When you open a PR, the discord #melee channel will be pinged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open a PR, the `#melee` channel on Discord will be notified.
```

    - `1.f`
    - `1.L`
  - No: `1` for `f32` or `f64`

## <a name="prs"></a>Pull Requests

> In order to make modifications to this repo, you'll have to fork the repo to your personal GitHub. There, you're free to make edits however you want. When actually creating a PR, however, try to match whole files at a time as PR reviewers are a scarce resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make modifications to this repo, you'll have to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) to your personal GitHub. There, you're free to make edits however you want. When actually creating a PR, however, try to match whole files at a time as PR reviewers are a scarce resource.
```

Reviewer: Something along the lines of #530 should also be mentioned, because it's much easier than forking, compiling the codebase yourself, and then creating a PR.
